---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

PERSONAL SUMMARY
For my graduate studies, I have worked on sperm-specific Na+/H+ exchanger (sNHE), a crucial protein for fertilization due to its critical role in sperm motility regulation. The sNHE has two regulatory domains: voltage sensor domain and cyclic nucleotide binding domain (CNBD). In spite of the importance of sNHE, there is no established method to express the entire protein in any heterologous expression systems. Therefore, I tried biochemical characterization of the isolated CNBD of mouse sNHE expressed in E. coli and HEK293 cell culture. Although I prepared more than 10 constructions of the recombinant proteins tagged with a fluorescence protein, all my efforts were in vain since I could not obtain any soluble proteins. However, I established a novel and user-friendly binding assay between a CNBD and cyclic AMP based on FRET (Fluorescence Resonance Energy Transfer). I believe that our method becomes an important example to study molecular interactions between small ligand tagged with a chemically synthesized fluorophore and protein tagged with fluorescence protein using FRET. Namely, our method can be applied for the study of other important molecular interactions such as ligand-receptor, antigen-antibody, DNA-protein.
As an alternative project in my Ph.D. studies, I performed comparative genetic analysis of sNHE using publically available eukaryote genome information and I discovered an apparent coevolution among sNHE, CatSper (sperm-specific Ca2+ channel) and sAC (soluble adenylyl cyclase) in Metazoa. This finding suggests the functional coupling among the three proteins as proposed in mammals and also proposes that the three sperm-specific proteins form a prototype machinery of sperm flagellar regulation in the eukaryotes. Our finding and proposal should give a significant contribution to understanding the mechanism of sperm motility regulation in Metazoa.
During my Ph.D. project, I improved my skills in bioinformatic protocols to achieve comparative genomic analysis of eukaryotic genomes. Since I have experience in Bash scripting in order to mine data files and UNIX utilities, using programming languages like Python, C, and R, and parallelization and optimization in programming with MPI. I am familiar with command line sequence analysis tools like Hmmer, MEGAcc, Blast, multi-alignment tools, etc. and with the interfaced standard bioinformatic tools and databases, as Bioconductor and Galaxy.
I am able to independently carry out creative research with tenacity and of the highest quality standards in data interpretation and correct statistical analysis. I am a collaborative research and effectively interact with a broad range of colleagues with tact and diplomacy. I have organizational, analytical and record-keeping skills with the ability to organize and present technical reports to collaborators and promote scientific projects to audiences of diverse technical backgrounds.
